[DOCU-1408] Extending cert validity period in Konnect (#2798)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/runtime-manager/renew-certificates.md

no_version: true
---

Certificates generated by {{site.konnect_saas}} expire every six months.

Renew your certificates to prevent any interruption in communication between
{{site.konnect_saas}} and any configured runtimes. If a certificate expires and
is not replaced:

> * The runtime will stop receiving configuration updates from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The runtime stops receiving configuration updates from
```

use present not future tense whenever possible

the control plane

> * The runtime will stop sending Vitals and usage data to the control plane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The runtime stops sending Vitals and usage data to the control plane
```
